So we worked on these forums here or on these inputs where we can fetch user input for adding new products
and that of course is a core thing you'll probably have to do in any application.
Now here I showed you all the nitty gritty details it takes to set this up from scratch on your own.
And of course this is only one possible approach you could have managed all the state individually with
multiple use state states in one component here instead I use use reducer and this merged state to have
all the state that belongs together well together and I use a separate component for the actual input
and its label and the error text and the validation of this input text.
And of course that's all that's just one possible pattern now in production of course you might not
want to reinvent the wheel all the time.
So instead of writing all that validation logic manually here as I mentioned already you might want
to check out solutions like validate J S which gives you reconfigured validation patterns and functionalities
so that you don't have to well add your own email regex and so on.
You can also look into packages like formic which is a third party react package that all the works
for React Native which makes adding forms and validating forms even easier.
And you can check out the official box to learn more about it and to also learn how to use it and react
native apps because you'll find a description about that there.
However I found it more interesting to show you what happens behind the scenes and how you can set up
something like this from scratch because ultimately discourse is about becoming a developer and not
about becoming a copy and paste or I guess.
So I hope this was helpful for understanding what's happening behind the scenes how you can manage validity
and value as elegantly and in a reusable way.
And we will all reuse these inputs later in the authentication section once we all to add an off indication
screen and there we will then also see how easy it is to add yet another form to this application.